assets/posters/2018/february2018/README.md, before:


# Converting svg to png

```
inkscape --export-png poster_february2018-v01.png drawing.svg
inkscape --export-png poster_february2018_v00.png drawing.svg
```

Modify the poster file in the post: `~/seminars/_posts/2018-12-30-talks2018.md`


# FACEBOOK EVENT 


For the February Science Seminars of the Mexican Society, 
we have Perla Vega, from the School of Bioscience, who is going to speak about 
"Non-tubercolousmycobacterial biofilms and its role during infection"
and Marisol Perez-Toledo, from the Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy, 
who is going to talk about "How immunity works? The role of platelets fighting back infections".

The seminar is on Friday, the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

JOIN US, ALL ARE INVITED TO ATTEND.
FREE ENTRANCE!

Additionally to that, we invite anyone to assist and be part of the 
speakers and the audience of the seminar. 
We are encouraging the scientific community to work towards
a reproducible and open science where anyone, anywhere can get the
benefits of science.

If you have a conference presentation coming up, or are
working on a paper or other research idea you would like to give a
presentation on and get feedback about, please let us know and 
feel free to volunteer to give a talk to our friendly audience!

Visit the website of the seminars where you can find further information
about the previous seminars, coming speakers and how to do public engagement
https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/

## POSTER
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018_v01.png



# CONTACTING THE speaker(s)

## FIRST EMAIL 

EMAIL(s):
PJV525@student.bham.ac.uk, Perla Vega
M.Perez-Toledo@bham.ac.uk, Marisol Perez-Toledo

SUBJECT:
Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018

CONTENT:
Dear ,

On behalf of the Mexican Society, I hope you are doing fine in your personal and professional projects.
I am writing this email to share you the poster for the next seminars (https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018_v00.png). If you want me to change something, please let me know.

Regarding your presentation, would you be kindly enough to send me the following
information before your talk (the 23th of February 2018):

(1) a short abstract (maximum 150 words),
(2) three keywords,
(4) a short biography (maximum 200 words), and
(3) a 20-minute presentation in PDF (this can be send on the day of the seminar)


You can find more information about the presentation requirements in
this link: https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/speakersinfo/.
If you have any question, please let me know.
* Your presentation should be under any of the following [creative commons licences](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/)
* If possible, you can upload the presentation in this website: https://figshare.com/

P.S. I will send you reminders on the second and third week of February




## SECOND EMAIL

EMAIL(s):
PJV525@student.bham.ac.uk, Perla Vega
M.Perez-Toledo@bham.ac.uk, Marisol Perez-Toledo

SUBJECT:
Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018 (second email)

Dear



This is just a reminder for your talk in the seminar which is next Friday,
the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

Would you please send me the following information by Thursday:
* (1) a short abstract (maximum 150 words),
* (2) three keywords, and
* (3) a short biography (maximum 200 words).

You can share me the presentation on Friday.

The presentation should be 20 minutes followed by 10 minutes of questions and answers.
The presentation is in English language and is targeted for a general audience.
If possible, the presentation should cover introduction to the topic highlighting
the novelty and contribution to knowledge, the methodology used in the research, results and conclusions.
Your presentation is going to be available in the Science Seminar’s website
for which we require that the content of your presentation is under the creative commons licence.

This is the updated poster for the seminar :)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018-v01.png

Should you happen to have any question, please let us know by replying this email!

Miguel



## AFTER THE PRESENTATION

Dear 


Let me share you the link where your information has been posted: https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/seminars/phd/talks/giovani-palafox/
If you want to add or change something, please let me know.

Also, whenever you have time, please send me your presentation as a PDF file to update the website.

Regards





# FOR FACEBOOK ANNOUNCEMENT



## email


```
CXZ612@student.bham.ac.uk;ENB622@student.bham.ac.uk;PXP296@student.bham.ac.uk
FEBRUARY2018 - Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018



Hiya,

Hope you are doing fine in your projects! Well, let me share (1) a message for the 
facebook event, (2) its poster and (3) some extra information for the seminar.

# (1) message for facebook (PLEASE ADD THESE INFORMATION IN THE FACEBOOK EVENT)

For the February Science Seminars of the Mexican Society,
we have Perla Vega, from the School of Bioscience, who is going to speak about
"Non-tubercolousmycobacterial biofilms and its role during infection"
and Marisol Perez-Toledo, from the Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy,
who is going to talk about "How immunity works? The role of platelets fighting back infections".

The seminar is on Friday, the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

JOIN US, ALL ARE INVITED TO ATTEND.
FREE ENTRANCE!

Additionally to that, we invite anyone to assist and be part of the
speakers and the audience of the seminar.
We are encouraging the scientific community to work towards
a reproducible and open science where anyone, anywhere can get the
benefits of science.

If you have a conference presentation coming up, or are
working on a paper or other research idea you would like to give a
presentation on and get feedback about, please let us know and
feel free to volunteer to give a talk to our friendly audience!

Visit the website of the seminars where you can find further information
about the previous seminars, coming speakers and how to do public engagement
https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/

# (2) poster
You can download the poster for february in the following link:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018-v01.png


# (3) extra information
If you have any suggestions for speakers for the next months,
please add them to this list
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RaTlI4DA3GyGp_aCOVXzaAgqKxGSbCO5J_7ur5MKOms/




should you happen to have any question, please email me

Cheerio,
Miguel


```

Commit message:

february2018- speakers update pvega and mpereztoledo

assets/posters/2018/february2018/README.md, after:


# Converting svg to png


* svg to png
```
inkscape --export-png poster_february2018-v01.png drawing.svg
inkscape --export-png poster_february2018_v00.png drawing.svg
```

* png to pdf

```
convert poster_february2018-v01.png poster_february2018-v01.pdf
```

Modify the poster file in the post: `~/seminars/_posts/2018-12-30-talks2018.md`


# FACEBOOK EVENT 


For the February Science Seminars of the Mexican Society, 
we have Perla Vega, from the School of Bioscience, who is going to speak about 
"Non-tubercolousmycobacterial biofilms and its role during infection"
and Marisol Perez-Toledo, from the Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy, 
who is going to talk about "How immunity works? The role of platelets fighting back infections".

The seminar is on Friday, the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

JOIN US, ALL ARE INVITED TO ATTEND.
FREE ENTRANCE!

Additionally to that, we invite anyone to assist and be part of the 
speakers and the audience of the seminar. 
We are encouraging the scientific community to work towards
a reproducible and open science where anyone, anywhere can get the
benefits of science.

If you have a conference presentation coming up, or are
working on a paper or other research idea you would like to give a
presentation on and get feedback about, please let us know and 
feel free to volunteer to give a talk to our friendly audience!

Visit the website of the seminars where you can find further information
about the previous seminars, coming speakers and how to do public engagement
https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/

## POSTER
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018_v01.png



# CONTACTING THE speaker(s)

## FIRST EMAIL 

EMAIL(s):
PJV525@student.bham.ac.uk, Perla Vega
M.Perez-Toledo@bham.ac.uk, Marisol Perez-Toledo

SUBJECT:
Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018

CONTENT:
Dear ,

On behalf of the Mexican Society, I hope you are doing fine in your personal and professional projects.
I am writing this email to share you the poster for the next seminars (https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018_v00.png). If you want me to change something, please let me know.

Regarding your presentation, would you be kindly enough to send me the following
information before your talk (the 23th of February 2018):

(1) a short abstract (maximum 150 words),
(2) three keywords,
(4) a short biography (maximum 200 words), and
(3) a 20-minute presentation in PDF (this can be send on the day of the seminar)


You can find more information about the presentation requirements in
this link: https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/speakersinfo/.
If you have any question, please let me know.
* Your presentation should be under any of the following [creative commons licences](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/)
* If possible, you can upload the presentation in this website: https://figshare.com/

P.S. I will send you reminders on the second and third week of February




## SECOND EMAIL

EMAIL(s):
PJV525@student.bham.ac.uk, Perla Vega
M.Perez-Toledo@bham.ac.uk, Marisol Perez-Toledo

SUBJECT:
Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018 (second email)

Dear



This is just a reminder for your talk in the seminar which is next Friday,
the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

Would you please send me the following information by Thursday:
* (1) a short abstract (maximum 150 words),
* (2) three keywords, and
* (3) a short biography (maximum 200 words).

You can share me the presentation on Friday.

The presentation should be 20 minutes followed by 10 minutes of questions and answers.
The presentation is in English language and is targeted for a general audience.
If possible, the presentation should cover introduction to the topic highlighting
the novelty and contribution to knowledge, the methodology used in the research, results and conclusions.
Your presentation is going to be available in the Science Seminar’s website
for which we require that the content of your presentation is under the creative commons licence.

This is the updated poster for the seminar :)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018-v01.png

Should you happen to have any question, please let us know by replying this email!

Miguel



## AFTER THE PRESENTATION

Dear 


Let me share you the link where your information has been posted: https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/seminars/phd/talks/giovani-palafox/
If you want to add or change something, please let me know.

Also, whenever you have time, please send me your presentation as a PDF file to update the website.

Regards





# FOR FACEBOOK ANNOUNCEMENT



## email


```
CXZ612@student.bham.ac.uk;ENB622@student.bham.ac.uk;PXP296@student.bham.ac.uk
FEBRUARY2018 - Science Seminars of the Mexican Society 2018



Hiya,

Hope you are doing fine in your projects! Well, let me share (1) a message for the 
facebook event, (2) its poster and (3) some extra information for the seminar.

# (1) message for facebook (PLEASE ADD THESE INFORMATION IN THE FACEBOOK EVENT)

For the February Science Seminars of the Mexican Society,
we have Perla Vega, from the School of Bioscience, who is going to speak about
"Non-tubercolousmycobacterial biofilms and its role during infection"
and Marisol Perez-Toledo, from the Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy,
who is going to talk about "How immunity works? The role of platelets fighting back infections".

The seminar is on Friday, the 23th of February 2018, 18:00 hours at the Murray Learning Centre UG10.

JOIN US, ALL ARE INVITED TO ATTEND.
FREE ENTRANCE!

Additionally to that, we invite anyone to assist and be part of the
speakers and the audience of the seminar.
We are encouraging the scientific community to work towards
a reproducible and open science where anyone, anywhere can get the
benefits of science.

If you have a conference presentation coming up, or are
working on a paper or other research idea you would like to give a
presentation on and get feedback about, please let us know and
feel free to volunteer to give a talk to our friendly audience!

Visit the website of the seminars where you can find further information
about the previous seminars, coming speakers and how to do public engagement
https://mexicansocietyuob.github.io/seminars/

# (2) poster
You can download the poster for february in the following link:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MexicanSocietyUoB/seminars/master/assets/posters/2018/february2018/poster/poster_february2018-v01.png


# (3) extra information
If you have any suggestions for speakers for the next months,
please add them to this list
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RaTlI4DA3GyGp_aCOVXzaAgqKxGSbCO5J_7ur5MKOms/




should you happen to have any question, please email me

Cheerio,
Miguel


```
